[Music]
it's weird you like hang out with
animals more than people yeah
well animals get me a rescue George from
he was 2 years old
George never would have survived on his
own he definitely trusts you
last night George was seven feet away
500 pounds
George you okay buddy you're scared it's
okay this morning is nine feet pushing a
thousand what's happening to my friend
are you familiar with genetic editing
changes will be incredibly unpredictable
is he the only one oh you didn't know
about the 30-foot wolf hell of a day huh
science experiments falling from the sky
having George on that plane it's big
mistake
I think we'll be all right
let's go save the world
it's coming back to me
you have to evacuate Chicago George
didn't ask for this they're gonna put
them down
that's not happening
[Music]
there's something in the river
I was just thinking the only thing
that's missing right now is the giant
crocodile
[Music]
shut up